W-15677476 : Salesforce OMS to ERP Integration Documentation (#122)
mulesoft/docs-accelerators: salesforce-oms/1.1/modules/ROOT/pages/anypointmq-setup-guide.adoc

== Environment Settings

Create the `dev` environment by using the template in the https://anypoint.mulesoft.com/exchange/997d5e99-287f-4f68-bc95-ed435d7c5797/accel-b2b-common-resources-src/[Accelerator B2B Common Resources] project and importing it into your Postman workspace. Assign the values that reflect your target Anypoint Platform org before running the requests.

== Run the Collection

The collection defines the variables that you must override prior to running requests. The collection is organized into separate folders, which you must execute in the following order:

. Authorization
. Client-Management - This variable is optional.
. Queue-Management
. Exchange-Management

Run requests in the _Verification_ folder to validate the results of the previous operations. If desired, run the requests in the _Deletions_ folder to clean up objects created by the collection. 

== Verify Destinations

Successful execution of the collection creates the following Anypoint MQ destinations:

[%header%autowidth.spread]
|===
| Queue Name| Bound to Exchange| Dead Letter Queue Name

| accel-b2b-orders-update-queue
| accel-oms-update-exchange

> | accel-b2b-orders-update-dl-queue 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| accel-b2b-orders-update-dl-queue 
|===
```

> | accel-oms-exception-queue

Reviewer: ```suggestion

[%header%autowidth.spread]
|===
| Queue Name| Bound to Exchange| Dead Letter Queue Name
| accel-oms-exception-queue
```

> | accel-oms-exception-queue

Reviewer: ```suggestion

[%header%autowidth.spread]
|===
| Queue Name| Bound to Exchange| Dead Letter Queue Name
| accel-oms-exception-queue
```

| -
| -
|===

> | accel-retail-update-queue

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[%header%autowidth.spread]
|===
| Queue Name| Bound to Exchange| Dead Letter Queue Name
| accel-retail-update-queue
```

| accel-retail-update-exchange
| accel-retail-exception-dl-queue
| -
|===

> | accel-shipping-update-queue

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[%header%autowidth.spread]
|===
| Queue Name| Bound to Exchange| Dead Letter Queue Name
| accel-shipping-update-queue
```

= Anypoint MQ Setup Guide

To create the Anypoint MQ destinations that are required by the MuleSoft Accelerator for Salesforce OMS components, use the `Anypoint-MQ-Configuration` Postman collection in the https://anypoint.mulesoft.com/exchange/997d5e99-287f-4f68-bc95-ed435d7c5797/accel-b2b-common-resources-src/[Accelerator B2B Common Resources] project.

== Environment Settings

Create the `dev` environment by using the template in the https://anypoint.mulesoft.com/exchange/997d5e99-287f-4f68-bc95-ed435d7c5797/accel-b2b-common-resources-src/[Accelerator B2B Common Resources] project and importing it into your Postman workspace. Assign the values that reflect your target Anypoint Platform org before running the requests.

== Run the Collection

The collection defines the variables that you must override prior to running requests. The collection is organized into separate folders, which you must execute in the following order:

. Authorization
. Client-Management - This variable is optional.
. Queue-Management
. Exchange-Management

> Run requests in the _Verification_ folder to validate the results of the previous operations. If desired, run the requests in the _Deletions_ folder to clean up objects created by the collection. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run requests in the Verification folder to validate the results of the previous operations. You can also run the requests in the Deletions folder to clean up objects created by the collection. 
```

== Verify Destinations

Successful execution of the collection creates the following Anypoint MQ destinations:

[%header%autowidth.spread]
|===
| Queue Name| Bound to Exchange| Dead Letter Queue Name

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> | accel-b2b-orders-update-queue

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| accel-b2b-orders-update-queue | accel-oms-update-exchange | accel-b2b-orders-update-dl-queue 
| accel-oms-exception-queue | | 
| accel-retail-update-queue | accel-retail-update-exchange | accel-retail-exception-dl-queue
| accel-shipping-update-queue | accel-shipping-update-exchange | accel-shipping-exception-dl-queue
|===
```

Reviewer: Delete all the table content below this

> | accel-oms-update-exchange

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
